fix: improve tcp monitor docs and split up results documentation (#163)
checkly/docs: concepts/results.mdx

![check overview location performance graph](/images/docs/images/monitoring/check-overview-locations.png)

## Navigating individual check results

The check result page will contain results from multiple locations when using [parallel scheduling](/monitoring/global-locations/#scheduling-strategies). Navigate between each location using the sidebar.
![Viewing multiple attempts from the dropdown](/images/docs/images/monitoring/location-select.gif)

> To learn more about the results shown for each check type, refer to the documentation for the specific monitor (URL, TCP, Browser, Playwright Check Suite etc.) under [Detect](/detect/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the results shown for each check type, refer to the documentation for the specific monitor:
* [API checks](/detect/synthetic-monitoring/api-checks/overview#api-check-results)
* [Browser checks](/detect/synthetic-monitoring/browser-checks/overview#browser-check-results)
* [Multistep checks](/detect/synthetic-monitoring/multistep-checks/overview#multistep-check-results)
* [Heartbeat monitors](/detect/uptime-monitoring/heartbeat-monitors/overview#heartbeat-monitor-results)
* [TCP monitors](/detect/uptime-monitoring/tcp-monitors/overview#tcp-monitor-results)
* [URL monitors](/detect/uptime-monitoring/url-monitors/overview#url-monitor-results)
```

Nit: so users don't have to search for it, I think direct links would be better?
